<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>XXX</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="epilogue" epub:type="epilogue">
			 
			<h3><a id="EPILOGUE"/>EPILOGUE</h3>
			<p>His Grace of Andover sat at the window of his lodgings at Venice, looking down at a letter in his hand. The writing was his sister’s. After a moment he drew a deep breath and broke the seal, spreading the sheets out upon the broad sill.</p>
			<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter"><p epub:type="z3998:salutation">“My very dear Tracy,</p>
			<p>“So you have gone again with no Farewell to yr. poor Sister, sir! I am indeed very offended, but I understand yr. Reason. As soon as I sett mine eyes on Diana I knew the Truth and recognised yr. dark Beauty. I am monstrous grieved for you, dear. I quite love her myself, altho’ she is very tiresomely lovely, but perhaps as she is dark and I am fair, we shall not clash.</p>
			<p>“The Home-coming was prodigious exciting. Andrew was present, Dicky, of course, and me. <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Fanshawe, too, was there, for she knew Jack Abroad, and a monstrous queer Old Man, who was vastly fidgetty and overcome to see Jack. Then Sir Miles and his wife came, who I thought quite agreeable nice People, and Diana’s Father and Aunt, rather Bourgeois, but, on the whole, presentable.</p>
			<p>“Everyone knows the Truth now, but most People have been prodigious kind and I scarce notice a difference in our Reception. Dearest Dicky is gayer than he was wont to be and more darling, and I almost enjoy being a Social Outcast.</p>
			<p>“When Diana is properly gowned, as should suit her position (but I grieve to say that she prefers to dress plainly), she will make a prodigious Elegantt Countess. I have promised to connduct her to my own Mantua Maker, which is very sacrificing, as I am sure You will agree. I know London will go Crazy about her, and, indeed, those who have allready seen her, which is Avon and Falmouth, are positively Foolish. I make no doubtt ’twill be very mortifying, but I suppose it must be borne.</p>
			<p>“She and Jack are prodigious happy together; it is most Unfashionable, but so am I happy with Dick, so there are a Pair of us, and we had best <em>sett</em> Fashion.</p>
			<p>“Pray, return soon, my dear Tracy, you cannot conceive how I miss you. I was surprised you went away with <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Fortescue, I had no Notion you were so friendly.</p>
			<p epub:type="z3998:valediction">“With dearest Love,</p>
			<p epub:type="z3998:valediction">“Yr. Sister</p>
			<p epub:type="z3998:valediction"><b>“Lavinia.</b></p>
			<p>“<abbr epub:type="z3998:initialism">P.S.</abbr>⁠—’Twill interest you to hear that Miss Gunning is to marry Coventry. ’Tis all over Town this last Week.”</p></blockquote>
			<p>Slowly his Grace put the sheets together and handed them to Fortescue, who had just come into the room.</p>
			<p>“These, from my sister, may possibly interest you, Frank.”</p>
			<p>Fortescue read the letter through, and at the end folded it and handed it back in silence. Tracy laid it down on the table at his elbow.</p>
			<p>“I began⁠—wrongly,” he said.</p>
			<p>“Yes,” assented his friend. “She was not⁠—that kind of girl.”</p>
			<p>“But having begun wrongly⁠—I could not undo the wrong.”</p>
			<p>“So you made it worse,” said Fortescue gently.</p>
			<p>“I would have married her in all honour⁠—”</p>
			<p>“In your own arrogant fashion, Tracy.”</p>
			<p>“As you say⁠—in my own arrogant fashion, Frank. If I could go back a year⁠—but where’s the use? I am not whining. Presently I shall return to England and make my bow to⁠—the Countess of Wyncham. Possibly, I shall not feel one jealous qualm. One never knows. At all events⁠—I’ll make that bow.”</p>
			<p>“You will?” Frank looked sharply down at him. “Nothing more, Tracy! You do not purpose⁠—”</p>
			<p>“Nothing more. You see, Frank⁠—I love her.”</p>
			<p>“I crave your pardon. Yes⁠—she would not take you, but she has, I think, made you. As I once told you, when love came you would count yourself as nought, and her happiness as everything.”</p>
			<p>For a moment his Grace was silent, and then back came the old smile, still cynical, yet with less of the sneer in it.</p>
			<p>“How very pleasant it must be, Frank, to have one’s prophecies so happily verified!” he purred. “Allow me to felicitate you!”</p>
			<p><b>The End</b></p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
